Add editorial for both Benchmark sections (#4192)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _benchmark/creating-custom-workloads.md

Replace the following options in the preceding example with information specific to your existing cluster:

- `--workload`: A custom name for your custom workload.

> - `--target-hosts:` A comma-separated list of host:port pairs for the cluster to extract data from. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--target-hosts:` A comma-separated list of host:port pairs from which the cluster extracts data. 
```

- `--client-options`: The basic authentication client options that OpenSearch Benchmark uses to access the cluster. 
- `--indices`: One or more indexes inside your OpenSearch cluster that contain data. 

> - `--output-path`: The directory where OpenSearch Benchmark creates the workload and its configuration files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--output-path`: The directory in which OpenSearch Benchmark creates the workload and its configuration files. 
```

> The following example response creates a workload named `movies` from a cluster with an index named `movies-info`. The `movies-info` index contains over 2000 documents. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example response creates a workload named `movies` from a cluster with an index named `movies-info`. The `movies-info` index contains over 2,000 documents. 
```

-------------------------------
```

> As part of workload creation, OpenSearch Benchmark generates the following files. You can access them in directory specified by the `--output-path` option. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of workload creation, OpenSearch Benchmark generates the following files. You can access them in the directory specified by the `--output-path` option. 
```

- `workload.json`: Contains general workload specifications. 
- `<index>.json`: Contains mappings and settings for the extracted indexes. 

> - `<index>-documents.json`: Contains the sources of every document from the extracted indexes. Any sources suffixed with `-1k` encompasses only a fraction of the document corpus of the workload and are only used when running the workload in test mode. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<index>-documents.json`: Contains the sources of every document from the extracted indexes. Any sources suffixed with `-1k` encompass only a fraction of the document corpus of the workload and are only used when running the workload in test mode. 
```

To build a workload with source files, create a directory for your workload and perform the following steps:

> 1. Build a `<index>-documents.json` file that contains rows of documents that comprise the document corpora of the workload, and houses all data to be ingested and queried into the cluster. The following example shows the first few rows of a `movies-documents.json` file that contains rows of documents about famous movies: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build a `<index>-documents.json` file that contains rows of documents that comprise the document corpora of the workload and houses all data to be ingested and queried into the cluster. The following example shows the first few rows of a `movies-documents.json` file that contains rows of documents about famous movies: 
```

    }
    ```

3. Next, build a `workload.json` file that provides a high-level overview of your workload and determines how your workload runs benchmark tests. The `workload.json` file contains the following sections: 
  
   - `indices`: Defines the name of the index to be created in your OpenSearch cluster using the mappings from the workload's `index.json` file created in the previous step. 
   - `corpora`: Defines the corpora and the source file, including the: 
      - `document-count`: The number of documents in `<index>-documents.json`. To get an accurate number of documents, run `wc -l <index>-documents.json`. 
      - `uncompressed-bytes`: The number of bytes inside the index. To get an accurate number of bytes, run `stat -f %z <index>-documents.json` on macOS or `stat -c %s <index>-documents.json` on GNU/Linux. Alternatively, run `ls -lrt | grep <index>-documents.json`. 
   - `schedule`: Defines the sequence of operations and available test procedures for the workload.

>    The following example `workload.json` provides the entry point for the `movies` workload. The `indices` section creates an index called `movies`. The corpora section refers to the source file created in step one, `movie-documents.json` and provides the document count and uncompressed bytes. Lastly, the schedule section defines a few operations the workload performs when invoked, including: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The following example `workload.json` file provides the entry point for the `movies` workload. The `indices` section creates an index called `movies`. The corpora section refers to the source file created in step one, `movie-documents.json`, and provides the document count and uncompressed bytes. Lastly, the schedule section defines a few operations the workload performs when invoked, including: 
```

>    The following example `workload.json` provides the entry point for the `movies` workload. The `indices` section creates an index called `movies`. The corpora section refers to the source file created in step one, `movie-documents.json` and provides the document count and uncompressed bytes. Lastly, the schedule section defines a few operations the workload performs when invoked, including: 

Reviewer: "and the number of uncompressed bytes"?

   - Deleting any current index named `movies`. 
   - Creating an index named `movies` based on data from `movie-documents.json` and the mappings from `index.json`.

>    - Verifying the cluster is in good health and can ingest the new index. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Verifying that the cluster is in good health and can ingest the new index. 
```

    }
    ```

> 4. With all the workload files created, verify the workload runs by executing a test. To verify the workload, run the following command, replacing `--workload-path` with a path to your workload directory: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For all the workload files created, verify that the workload is functional by running a test. To verify the workload, run the following command, replacing `--workload-path` with a path to your workload directory: 
```

### Separate operations and test procedures

If you want to make your `workload.json` file more readable, you can separate your operations and test procedures into different directories and reference the path to each in `workload.json`. To separate operations and procedures, perform the following steps: 

1. Add all test procedures to a single file. You can give the file any name. Because the `movies` workload in the preceding contains and index task and queries, this step names the test procedures file `index-and-query.json`. 
2. Add all operations to a file named `operations.json`. 

> 3. Reference the new files in `workloads.json` by adding the following syntax, replacing `parts` with the relative path to each file, as showing in the following example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Reference the new files in `workloads.json` by adding the following syntax, replacing `parts` with the relative path to each file, as shown in the following example: 
```

## Next steps

- For more information about configuring OpenSearch Benchmark, see [Configuring OpenSearch Benchmark]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/benchmark/configuring-benchmark/). 

> - To show a list of pre-packaged workloads for OpenSearch Benchmark, see the [opensearch-benchmark-workloads](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads) repo. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To show a list of prepackaged workloads for OpenSearch Benchmark, see the [opensearch-benchmark-workloads](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads) repository. 
```

> - To show a list of pre-packaged workloads for OpenSearch Benchmark, see the [opensearch-benchmark-workloads](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads) repo. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To show a list of pre-packaged workloads for OpenSearch Benchmark, see the [`opensearch-benchmark-workloads`](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads) repo. 
```
